Various adjustments and fixes to key bindings (#156)
sublimetext-io/docs.sublimetext.io: docs/reference/keyboard_shortcuts_win.md

| <Key k="ctrl+;" /> | Goto word in current file |
| <Key k="ctrl+g" /> | Goto line in current file |

## Build

| Keypress                 | Command         |
| ------------------------ | --------------- |
| <Key k="f7" />           | Build           |
| <Key k="ctrl+b" />       | Build           |
| <Key k="ctrl+shift+b" /> | Build selected  |
| <Key k="ctrl+break" />   | Cancel build    |

## General

| Keypress                     | Command                  |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| <Key k="ctrl+shift+p" />     | Command prompt           |
| <Key k="ctrl+k, ctrl+b" />   | Toggle side bar          |

> | <Key k="ctrl+alt+shift+p" /> | Show scope in status bar |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <Key k="ctrl+alt+shift+p" /> | Show scope in hover popup |
```

<img width="719" height="449" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17fa0f63-94ba-466a-b7d7-3c5a32d50c3d" />

Author: ```suggestion
| <Key k="ctrl+alt+shift+p" /> | Show scope name and syntax context backtrace in a popup |
```
